README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

updated github repo link and readme

README.md, after:

# Alterigo - Browser-based File Converter

![Alterigo Logo](./public/logo.svg)

**Alterigo** is a browser-based file converter that empowers users to convert image, audio, and video files into various formats with ease. What sets Alterigo apart is its commitment to user security: we never store user files on our servers, ensuring your data remains private and secure.

## Features

- Convert images, audio, and videos into different formats.
- Secure file conversions with no data storage on our servers.
- Powered by Next.js and Tailwind CSS for a smooth and responsive user interface.
- Utilizes ffmpeg.wasm for in-browser file conversions.
- Stylish and intuitive UI with shadcn/ui design library.

## Installation and Usage

To run Alterigo locally, follow these simple steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

    git clone git@github.com:JaspalSingh1998/file-converter.git

2. Navigate to the project folder:

    cd file-converter

3. Install project dependencies using npm:

    npm install

4. npm run dev to run the project.

Your Alterigo instance will be available at `http://localhost:3000`. You can access it via your web browser.
